Add attribute `crate` to proc-macro `wasm-bindgen-test` (#3593)
rustwasm/wasm-bindgen: CHANGELOG.md

* Add bindings for `CanvasTransform.setTransform(DOMMatrix2DInit)`.
  [#3580](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-bindgen/pull/3580)

> * Add attribute `crate` in the proc-macro `wasm_bindgen_test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a `crate` attribute to the `wasm_bindgen_test` proc-macro to specify a
  non-default path to the `wasm-bindgen-test` crate.
```
